[renault] Add channel for pausing/resuming charging (#14527)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.renault/README.md

| batterylevel           | Number             | State of the battery in %                       | Yes       |
| batterystatusupdated   | DateTime           | Timestamp of the last battery status update     | Yes       |
| chargingmode           | String             | Charging mode. always_charging or schedule_mode | No        |

> | pausemode              | Switch             | Pause mode.                                    | No        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pausemode              | Switch             | Pause mode.                                     | No        |
```

The "hvactargettemperature" is used by the hvacstatus ON command for pre-conditioning the car.
This seams to only allow values 19, 20 and 21 or else the pre-conditioning command will not work.

> The "Pause" and "chargingmode" mat not working on some cars. as an example "chargingmode" do not work on Dacia Spring cars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pause` and `chargingmode` may not work on some cars.
As an example, `chargingmode` does not work on Dacia Spring cars.
```

The "hvactargettemperature" is used by the hvacstatus ON command for pre-conditioning the car.
This seams to only allow values 19, 20 and 21 or else the pre-conditioning command will not work.

The 'pause' and 'chargingmode' may not work on some cars. 

> As an example 'chargingmode' do not work on Dacia Spring cars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, 'chargingmode' does not work on Dacia Spring cars.
```

        Default icon="poweroutlet" item=RenaultCar_PlugStatus
        Default icon="switch" item=RenaultCar_ChargingStatus
        Selection icon="switch" item=RenaultCar_ChargingMode mappings=[SCHEDULE_MODE="Schedule mode",ALWAYS_CHARGING="Instant charge"]

>         Selection item=RenaultCar_PauseMode mappings=[RESUME="Resume",PAUSE="Pause"] icon="switch"

Reviewer: Now a `Switch` item.

        Default icon="poweroutlet" item=RenaultCar_PlugStatus
        Default icon="switch" item=RenaultCar_ChargingStatus
        Selection icon="switch" item=RenaultCar_ChargingMode mappings=[SCHEDULE_MODE="Schedule mode",ALWAYS_CHARGING="Instant charge"]

>         Default icon="switch" item=RenaultCar_PauseMode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Default icon="switch" item=RenaultCar_Pause
```
